Hookshot: Add support for encryption (#3042)
spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy: docs/configuring-playbook-bridge-hookshot.md

Finally, run the playbook (see [installing](installing.md)).

### End-to-bridge endcryption

> 1. Enable by setting `matrix_hookshot_experimental_encryption_enabled: true`
> 
> If the crypto store has become corrupted, reset it by running `ansible-playbook -i inventory/hosts setup.yml -K --tags=reset-hookshot-encryption`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable [experimental encryption](https://matrix-org.github.io/matrix-hookshot/latest/advanced/encryption.html) for Hookshot by adding `matrix_hookshot_experimental_encryption_enabled: true` to your configuration (`vars.yml`) and [re-running the playbook](installing.md).

If the crypto store ever becomes corrupted, reset it by running the `reset-hookshot-encryption` tag for this Ansible playbook (e.g. `ansible-playbook -i inventory/hosts setup.yml -K --tags=reset-hookshot-encryption`)
```

Author: Thanks, I've added something like that with similar wording.
